Name: Hungry-Move-6603
Age: Estimated 25-30 
Occupation: Businessperson
Status: Not mentioned
Tier: Mainstream User
Archetype: Outlaw
Traits: Sarcastic, Observant, Frustrated, Straightforward

Citations:
Posts:
Post title: Everyone is something in LKO
Post title: Productive weekend activities in LKO?
Post title: Reading Cafe / Reader' Club?
Comments:
Comment: Scam.
Comment: Malls are a thing of past - and entire LKO is on steroids in rents cost, despite low to no demand.
Comment: I was caught without helmet and license (close to my home). Cops outright wanted to fine me, but a 'common guy' came in and discussed bribe on my behalf with cops. I gave him 200rs (back in 2011) and Cops let me go.
Comment: Its about the volume/%. The number of cars having these stickers is way too high compared to Delhi, or anywhere else.

Motivations:
Convenience
Wellness
Security
Community Engagement
Authenticity

Citations:
Posts:
Reading Cafe / Reader' Club?
Productive weekend activities in LKO?
Everyone is something in LKO

Comments:
A menu easy to cook/process - healthy and quick.
Same problem. I started eating power meals at home atleast saves me from crap quality. I even purchased a 250 per meal tiffin and it had palm oil!!!
Cops keep a civ around to discuss bribes.
Dont you have big muscle brothers or friends? or cop/lawyer friends? My hands are always itching to teach a lesson to such people.
Toh hum Noida or Ghaziabad se pahadio ko bhagana shuru karein fir? 
Its about the volume/%. The number of cars having these stickers is way too high compared to Delhi, or anywhere else.
Never seen anything of this sort in capital city of India. So yes I did not expect 
Haha Delhi is hateable too but mostly those are HR or UP14 NCR vehicle. Plus the percentage of vehicles of such sort is low.

Personality:
Introvert
Intuition
Thinking
Perceiving

Citations:
Posts:
Post title: Reading Cafe / Reader' Club?, Post content: [removed]
Post title: Productive weekend activities in LKO?, Post content: [removed]
Post title: Everyone is something in LKO, Post content: Born and raised in Delhi - I shifted to LKO in Dec 24 for business purposes. I have hardly seen a car which does not have a sticker on it - everyone is uttar pradesh sarkar, adhiwakta, nyay palika, mahamantri, skoda laura, adrak lsson.

Comments:
Comment: Scam., Post title: Real hiring or something fishy???, Post content: disclaimer: I am a girl posting from my friends  accnt it because I don't have reddit personally..
Comment: Malls are a thing of past - and entire LKO is on steroids in rents cost, despite low to no demand., Post title: What has happened to malls like wave , one awadh and saharaganj?, Post content: Recently went to these malls and noticed that there is no crowd. Secondly there are like empty cemeteries. Most shops are closed. Food zones look barren islands. Did lulu and pallasio snatched customers even from main land lucknow? Or is it a sign of imperceptible recession? Pls share insights.
Comment: I was caught without helmet and license (close to my home). Cops outright wanted to fine me, but a 'common guy' came in and discussed bribe on my behalf with cops. I gave him 200rs (back in 2011) and Cops let me go., Post title: A very odd experience, Post content: Today, an hour ago, I was coming back home. I was stopped before Jaripatka Market by the cops for checking. I mean, fair, it’s a weekend.
Comment: Toh hum Noida or Ghaziabad se pahadio ko bhagana shuru karein fir? , Post title: People are smoking hookah in the middle of the Ganga river, and when a local Uttarakhand boy tried to make them understand, they started abusing him and even threatened to kill him., Post content: People are smoking hookah in the middle of the Ganga river, and when a local Uttarakhand boy tried to make them understand, they started abusing him and even threatened to kill him.
Comment: A menu easy to cook/process - healthy and quick., Post title: Any Tiffin service providing high quality food ? Tired of the poor quality ingredients and taste, Post content: Hi imm 19f and looking for tiffin service, budget is not an issue please suggest near mahanagar 
Comment: Haha Delhi is hateable too but mostly those are HR or UP14 NCR vehicle. Plus the percentage of vehicles of such sort is low., Post title: Everyone is something in LKO, Post content: Born and raised in Delhi - I shifted to LKO in Dec 24 for business purposes. I have hardly seen a car which does not have a sticker on it - everyone is uttar pradesh sarkar, adhiwakta, nyay palika, mahamantri, skoda laura, adrak lsson.
Comment: Its about the volume/%. The number of cars having these stickers is way too high compared to Delhi, or anywhere else., Post title: Everyone is something in LKO, Post content: Born and raised in Delhi - I shifted to LKO in Dec 24 for business purposes. I have hardly seen a car which does not have a sticker on it - everyone is uttar pradesh sarkar, adhiwakta, nyay palika, mahamantri, skoda laura, adrak lsson.
Comment: Never seen anything of this sort in capital city of India. So yes I did not expect , Post title: Everyone is something in LKO, Post content: Born and raised in Delhi - I shifted to LKO in Dec 24 for business purposes. I have hardly seen a car which does not have a sticker on it - everyone is uttar pradesh sarkar, adhiwakta, nyay palika, mahamantri, skoda laura, adrak lsson.
Comment: Dont you have big muscle brothers or friends? or cop/lawyer friends? My hands are always itching to teach a lesson to such people., Post title: A 45 year old man is harassing me., Post content: So I worked with this guy for 2 years. We were just colleagues not even friends. Then his company got shut 2 years back and we weren’t in contact since then. Just last week he reappeared and started messaging me on Instagram. So I blocked him , but guess what he came to my place and just to avoid getting embarrassed infront of my parents I was like- ‘please go right now I’ll give you my number and we can talk about it’. So now he’s harassing me on WhatsApp.
Comment: Same problem. I started eating power meals at home atleast saves me from crap quality. I even purchased a 250 per meal tiffin and it had palm oil!!!, Post title: Any Tiffin service providing high quality food ? Tired of the poor quality ingredients and taste, Post content: Hi imm 19f and looking for tiffin service, budget is not an issue please suggest near mahanagar 
Comment: Below Average., Post title: [deleted by user], Post content: [removed]

Behaviour and Habits:
1. Observant of surroundings
2. Health conscious eater
3. Aware of corruption
4. Non confrontational
5. New to Lucknow
6. Skeptical of people

Citations:
Posts:
Born and raised in Delhi - I shifted to LKO in Dec 24 for business purposes 
Recently went to these malls and noticed that there is no crowd 
Any Tiffin service providing high quality food ? Tired of the poor quality ingredients and taste
Comments:
I have hardly seen a car which does not have a sticker on it - everyone is uttar pradesh sarkar, adhiwakta, nyay palika, mahamantri, skoda laura, adrak lsson 
Cops keep a civ around to discuss bribes 
A menu easy to cook/process - healthy and quick 
I started eating power meals at home atleast saves me from crap quality 
Same problem 
Toh hum Noida or Ghaziabad se pahadio ko bhagana shuru karein fir? 
Dont you have big muscle brothers or friends? or cop/lawyer friends? 
Never seen anything of this sort in capital city of India 
Its about the volume/% 
Haha Delhi is hateable too but mostly those are HR or UP14 NCR vehicle 
Malls are a thing of past - and entire LKO is on steroids in rents cost, despite low to no demand 
I was caught without helmet and license 
Scam 
Below Average

Goals and Needs:
1. Seeking community connections
2. Looking for healthy food options
3. Needs entertainment activities
4. Wants to avoid corruption
5. Requires convenient meal solutions
6. Values high quality products

Citations:
Posts:
Reading Cafe / Reader' Club?
Productive weekend activities in LKO?
Everyone is something in LKO

Comments:
Scam., 
Malls are a thing of past - and entire LKO is on steroids in rents cost, despite low to no demand., 
A menu easy to cook/process - healthy and quick., 
Same problem. I started eating power meals at home atleast saves me from crap quality. I even purchased a 250 per meal tiffin and it had palm oil!!!, 
Haha Delhi is hateable too but mostly those are HR or UP14 NCR vehicle. Plus the percentage of vehicles of such sort is low., 
Its about the volume/%. The number of cars having these stickers is way too high compared to Delhi, or anywhere else.

Frustrations:
1. Corrupt police system
2. Low-quality food services
3. Harassment by unknown individuals
4. Overpriced rents in Lucknow
5. Poor traffic discipline
6. Scams and fake job offers

Citations:
Posts:
Everyone is something in LKO
Productive weekend activities in LKO?
Reading Cafe / Reader' Club?

Comments:
Scam., Post title: Real hiring or something fishy???
Malls are a thing of past - and entire LKO is on steroids in rents cost, despite low to no demand., Post title: What has happened to malls like wave , one awadh and saharaganj?
I was caught without helmet and license (close to my home). Cops outright wanted to fine me, but a 'common guy' came in and discussed bribe on my behalf with cops. I gave him 200rs (back in 2011) and Cops let me go., Post title: A very odd experience
A menu easy to cook/process - healthy and quick., Post title: Any Tiffin service providing high quality food ? Tired of the poor quality ingredients and taste
Same problem. I started eating power meals at home atleast saves me from crap quality. I even purchased a 250 per meal tiffin and it had palm oil!!!, Post title: Any Tiffin service providing high quality food ? Tired of the poor quality ingredients and taste
Dont you have big muscle brothers or friends? or cop/lawyer friends? My hands are always itching to teach a lesson to such people., Post title: A 45 year old man is harassing me.

